#2 Step for appending text to a file (#3)
IBM/gauge-api-steps: docs/STEPS.md

Prints the comprehensive list of placeholders in the terminal output and into the report. This includes every property in the used `*.env` files and the system properties.
This can be useful for debugging.

## Append to \<file>: \<value>

> \* Append to "reports/users.csv": "\${user_name},\${user_phone}"

> Will write the value to the specified text file. The file must be located inside of the Gauge project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This writes the value to the specified text file. The file must be located inside of the Gauge project.
```
